Improve Databricks warehouse connector documentation (#2430)
mixpanel/docs: pages/docs/tracking-methods/warehouse-connectors.mdx

Complete the following steps to get your Databricks connector up and running:

### Step 1: Set up authentication

You can authenticate with either a personal access token or a service principal. We recommend using a **service principal** for production use cases.

**Option A: Personal Access Token**

> Create a personal access token by following the [Databricks instructions](https://docs.databricks.com/en/dev-tools/auth.html#databricks-personal-access-tokens-for-workspace-users). Save this token — you'll need it when connecting in Mixpanel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a personal access token by following the [Databricks instructions](https://docs.databricks.com/aws/en/dev-tools/auth/pat#create-personal-access-tokens-for-workspace-users). Save this token — you'll need it when connecting in Mixpanel.
```
